I consider myself a bodybuilder but why
am I so small Google says a bodybuilder
is a person who strengthens and enlarges
their muscles through strenuous exercise
I obviously don't look like I enlarge
anything but that's because I train for
muscle length rather than muscle width
bodybuilders typically take an exercise
and perform it between 5 to 20 sets a
week that means they'll do 15 reps and
then they'll rest 15 more reps and
they'll rest and then 15 more reps and
they'll do that a couple times a week
till they hit their let's say 10 sets
that they have scheduled well you can
actually do the same thing for
flexibility so as long as you're
stretching hard but not painfully all
you got to do is hold a stretch for 30
seconds rest 30 more seconds rest again
and you repeat that between three to
five times a week congratulations you're
a longitudinal bodybuilder like me and
with the help of science your body will
adapt and become more flexible I have
three full programs that you can choose
from if you want to train like me stay
flexy